hey guys my name is Mateo and today I
have another episode of The Naked Gun
this is a series where I choose a weapon
I use absolutely no attachments hence
the Naked Gun title and then I give my
thoughts on the bare bone weapon and how
it performs you guys seem to be really
enjoying this series considering that I
get a lot of messages that I should
continue every week with it I said I
wasn't gonna do it every week I'm
probably just going to do it every week
now since you guys seem to enjoy it so
much I have an absolute blast with this
show as well so I can't really complain
and since I ever started this series
everyone has been wanting me to try out
the famas probably because it sucks and
everyone wants me to feel pain or
they're trying to troll me because this
weapon really does suck but joke's on
you guys I had an absolute blast trying
to get some footage for you guys and the
footage you guys are going to see here
is two rounds and both of them I get
first place i'm just going to show the
highlights from it but i do actually get
first place with the famas i was
absolutely floored with how well i did
and not to say that the weapon is good
by any means but i was able to use it
effectively i guess and get into
situations where i actually could win
the fights and not just trying to snipe
people from across the from across the
the map and i had a blast I'll explain
later why I had so fun but really it was
it was a lot of fun so I remember when
the back to karkand expansion pack first
came out everyone was using this weapon
it was that flavor of the month weapon
it had an a high rpm the recoil was
manageable I didn't really like it but I
know some people did and you could cite
people from a fair distance and just
dominate everyone with this gun but
since then I've noticed that no one uses
it and I didn't realize why until I
started playing it because apparently
they patch this thing and nerfed it into
oblivion they increase the recoil I
believe I'm not actually sure if that's
correct but I do know that they reduce
the the magazine size down to 26 i
believe it was at 31 before the patch
and now it's done down to 26 and five
bullets doesn't seem like a lot but when
you were using the highest RPM weapon in
the game that trust me that is a lot of
bullets there was a lot of situations
where if I had five extra bullets the
target would have died but because I
didn't I died a very embarrassing death
where I try
to reload so since the patch you have
probably noticed that hardly anyone uses
weapon now and in my opinion that is for
good reason you would have assumed that
dice would have nerfed it to the point
where it was more in line with the other
weapons I think and I'm assuming most
people have because no one uses it
anymore they nerfed it too much and now
it's almost useless and you probably
remember when trying to level up this
weapon the iron sights are abysmal there
was a lot of vacations where I would be
going for a medium range target you know
he's off in the distance a little bit I
would line up my shot pull the trigger
and then the recoil would happen the
iron sights would happen and then I
would lose my target I'd have no idea
where they went so I'd have to zoom back
out reassess where they were and then
zoom back in to try to take them out
that got me killed so often it was it
was what probably one of the most
frustrating aspects of the weapon so not
only is the iron sights on this thing
god awful but the recoil is just
unbelievable it kicks like a mule and
you would assume that it would have a
lot of recoil because it does have the
highest RPM for the assault rifles and
probably when the highest rpms in the
game if i remember right and that would
come with some sort of disadvantage for
you but it's so bad that trying to stay
on target is a very very challenging
endeavor and for the most part it's up
it's pretty much dumb luck if you're
able to go full auto or you know burst
fire someone down at medium range to
stay on target that's how bad the iron
are not the iron sights but the recoil
is on this gun it kicks everywhere it's
extremely difficult to stay on target
and I found that it made for some very
very interesting gameplay and if that
wasn't enough to top it all off the
famas has one of the longest reload
times out of any weapon in the game if
you go through all of your rounds in
your magazine it is going to take you a
staggering 3.9 seconds to reload that's
almost four seconds that you're just
standing there reloading waiting to get
back into the action that is a very long
time and there was a lot of occasions
where I'm just sitting back trying to
get into a corner hoping that no one
turns the corner and just takes me out
while I got my pants down and you're
gonna have your pants down a lot when
you're using this weapon because you're
constantly reloading and you're
constantly taking four seconds out of
your day just to reload this bad boy and
it's it's really it's really really bad
so now you're probably thinking of that
if this weapon is so terrible then how
in the world were you getting first
place and the first thing that might
come to mind is that my allies are
terrible the enemies are terrible and
that automatically is just gonna push me
up to the top no matter what weapon i'm
using and night that might be a small
part of it but what I think happened is
that I use my brain and I moved around
the map cautiously I was not being all
Rambo there were occasions where I were
but I wasn't just running out in the
open trying to just kill as many people
as I could from range what I was doing
was I was trying to be a little stealthy
I was trying to get into engagements
where I was up close and personal and I
didn't have to aim down sight or if I
did have to aim down sight I was close
enough where I wouldn't lose the target
but for the most part I was hip firing
because if I could hipfire I wouldn't
lose my target and I knew that with the
high rpm the enemy was going to fall so
for the most part that's what I was
doing and you're going to see in this
video if there is a target off in the
distance I won't even go for them i'll
probably spot them but i won't even
shoot at them because if i know i go for
the engagement and it's it's a gunfight
they're gonna win nine out of ten i
might get lucky on occasion and I did
get a lucky sometimes but for the most
part they would just wipe the floor with
me and I would just move on and spawn so
what I would do is I would spot them i
would use objectives that are in front
of me try to flank them and take them
out and for the most part that was a
very effective way at using this weapon
and it was a lot of fun you're gonna see
on the operation Metro clip i used the
mini-map to my advantage every single
time that I could if I saw enemy on the
mini-map I would wait for them to round
the corner I usually wouldn't go out
into you know the open to try to take
them out I would let them come to me I
would jump down behind them and flank
them you know if I saw them on Grand
Bazaar I would flank them as well I was
doing everything that I could to first
not use the iron sights get close up up
close and personal to use the high rate
of fire of the weapon and take advantage
of that and just abuse the weapon where
it
excel and try to not use the aspects
that are terrible about it and
essentially that's what i would do to
get first place on a couple of these
matches it did take some adjustment but
once I got used to it it was an absolute
blast I wouldn't recommend this weapon
on large maps to be honest I really
wouldn't recommend this weapon on any
map in general it really is terrible but
if you're looking for a interesting
experience you want to try something new
try this try the naked gun famas it's an
interesting experience don't get
frustrated it's very easy to get annoyed
with this setup but give it some time
and you might actually enjoy yourself so
if i was going to improve upon this
setup I would slap on any scope and I
really mean any scope I would also use
the fore grip and the flash suppressor
to reduce that recoil like I said
earlier the recoil it just kicks all
over the place and if you can reduce
that just a little bit it's going to
make your experience a lot more
enjoyable I really wouldn't go with the
heavy barrel because in my opinion you
really shouldn't be going for a longer
shot so you should probably just be
staying up close so i think that the
flash suppressor and the foregrip is a
good complement to the famas but thats
it for todays naked gun guys I hope you
enjoyed I know I had a lot of fun i hope
you guys did as well if you enjoyed the
video or you want to support my channel
i would appreciate it give this video a
thumbs up and if you haven't already
subscribe to my channel for more videos
but until next time guys have a good one
and take it easy
you